Edits to EPAS 13 - update clone schema setup steps #6336 (#6455)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/epas/17/database_administration/14_edb_clone_schema/setting_up_edb_clone_schema.mdx

  shared_preload_libraries = '$libdir/dbms_pipe,$libdir/dbms_aq,$libdir/parallel_clone,$libdir/edb_job_scheduler'
  ```

> To have the changes take effect, restart the database server.

Author: ```suggestion
For the changes to take effect, you must restart the database server.
```
